Update texts to reflect switch to ID3v2.4 by default (#195)
metabrainz/picard-docs: faq/faq_config.rst

My tags are :index:`truncated <tags; truncated, WMP; tags>` to 30 characters in Windows Media Player!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Picard's default settings write ID3v2.4 and ID3v1 tags to files.  Older WMP versions can't read ID3v2.4, so it falls

> back to ID3v1 which has a limitation of 30 characters per title.  To solve this on versions prior to 0.14, configure
> Picard to write ID3v2.3 tags instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
back to ID3v1 which has a limitation of 30 characters per title.  To resolve this issue, configure
Picard to write ID3v2.3 tags instead.
```

I'm not sure that the reference to Picard version 0.14 is relevant any longer.

Author: Agreed, that should be removed as well
